CLI quickstart (#270)
replicatedhq/kots.io: content/vendor/guides/cli-quickstart.md

On the nav bar, there's a link to the application page. Clicking that will show you the Kubernetes services that we just deployed.

![Cluster](/images/guides/kots/application.png)

### View the application

If you used the default nginx application, you can view the application at `http://${INSTANCE_IP}/` with no port, and you should see a basic (perhaps familiar) nginx server running:

![Cluster](/images/guides/kots/example-nginx.png)

Next, we'll walk through creating and delivering an update to the application we just installed.

* * *

### Iterating

From our local repo, we can update the nginx deployment to test a simple update to the application. If you're using your own YAML or helm chart, you can simulate an application update by adding an annotation or making any other superficial change.

In the release YAML, find the nginx image to change. The line is in the `deployment.yaml` file and looks like:

```yaml
replicas: 1
```

Change the number to `2` or more.

we can create a new release

```shell script
replicated release create \
  --yaml-dir manifests \
  --promote Unstable \
  --version dev-2 \
  --release-notes "my second release"
```

> Alternatively, this might also be a good time to explore the `--auto` flag to populate values for Channel, Version, and Release Notes (note that this requires you to be working in a git repo).

Reviewer: How do I explore the --auto flag? is there documentation, a command I can run to find more about it?

Author: Good question. We don't have docs on it yet but what if we swap out `explore` with `try out`

```suggestion
Alternatively, this might also be a good time to try out the `--auto` flag to populate values for Channel, Version, and Release Notes based on your current git status (note that this requires you to be working in a git repo).
```

Reviewer: I think the 'based on your current git status' helps... what I guess really wanted to know was why this requires to be working in a git repo.
